CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
The title of my program is Kinematics Calculator. 

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
This program will help to solve the redundancy involved with solving Kinematics Problems in Physics. 
Physics students often work with kinematics problems that are very similar, but because of differences in 
magnitudes, angles, masses, etc have to do many calculations to answer simple questions. This program
will help cut down on the amount of manual calculations required to solve a problem, so that students can 
focus on thinking about the problems critically. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will gain a greater understanding of the Kinematics equations themselves, as well as how to use the tkinter
framework to create a GUI for the program. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?
I will use the math and tkinter libraries. There may be more that I end up using as the project progresses. 

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
My program will be separated into different functions that each preform a single task. 
    
    
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
I will write test functions for at least two of my program functions. 

